---
title: Ա Փուլ | Միասնական քննություն 2014
tags:  ՓուլԱ, միասնական, 2014, միասնական2014
date: 2007-01-28
---



Overview
I am an avid music listener, amateur performing classical guitarist, and former music critic (for the now defunct StarVox online zine). I primarily used to write about various forms of metal, but recently I am inclined to write about various forms of classical.

7-String Guitar Transcriptions
Most of my transcriptions were made with Lilypond and are missing some of my handwritten notes. I am including only the rendered PDFs below, but if you are truly interested in seeing the original Lilypond scores or want additional performance notes, please contact me.

Aria from Bach’s Goldberg Variations
Sarabande by Bach
Gymnopedie No. 1 by Satie
Choral by Franck (first guitar)
Choral by Franck (second guitar)
Concert bio
Eric Rasmussen began studying classical guitar with Matthew Grasso in 2003 and began playing the 7-string classical guitar in 2005. He has performed a variety of solo and ensemble classical guitar works throughout Northern California, including performances with Trio Seven and the Indian Classical Fusion group, the Nada Brahma Music Ensemble. Eric has been active in the Sacramento Guitar Society and played in a master class with Jim Kline. Eric has performed in concert with the American River College Orchestra, Solano Youth Symphony, and Vox Musica. His guitar arrangements include Franck’s Choral (for 7-string duo), Satie’s Gymnopedie No. 1, Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata (first movement), and the Aria from Bach’s Goldberg Variations. Eric has also performed on radio, TV, and appears on recordings with Nada Brahma and Matthew Grasso.

Friends with websites
Matthew Grasso
Trio Seven
Sacramento Guitar Society
Sample Oddity
Recent posts
Death and The Sound of Perseverance - October 31, 2013
Ivan Moravec Plays French Music - April 11, 2013
Nigel North - Baroque Lute - September 29, 2010
Holst - The Planets - August 30, 2010
Five Deadly Talas - August 22, 2010
Bartók String Quartets - August 22, 2010
Bach Cello Suites (Casals) - August 17, 2010
Rachmaninov's 2nd - February 7, 2010
Shostakovich's 5th - December 1, 2009
Saint-Saëns Piano Trios - November 24, 2009
Explore

Tea
Music
Code
Archive
About
Tags

baroque black-tea cello code fiction green-tea hakyll haskell humor indian-classical javascript lute metal modern-era music oolong piano pyramid python quartet romantic-era soapbox symphony tea tea-blends tea-shop trios
 Creative Commons License 
2009 - 2013 Chromatic Leaves by Eric Rasmussen is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Site proudly generated by Hakyll.
